Added description of what Monitoring Integration looks like (#2)
defenseunicorns/pepr: docs/monitoring.md

# Monitoring

In order for an application to be integrated with the monitoring stack within BigBang the following things need to occur

1. Identify the pods that have metrics endpoints via:
    1. This can be done with the Prometheus annotations defined below:

        `proetheus.io/scrape` <- Set to true

        `prometheus.io/schema` <- either http(default) or https

        `prometheus.io/path` <- the path that schould be scraped

>         `prometheus.io/port` <-- The port to scrape

Reviewer: If Istio is enabled these annotations will result in the app metrics being merged with sidecar metrics - https://istio.io/latest/docs/ops/integrations/prometheus/#option-1-metrics-merging . Can be disabled per workload with `prometheus.istio.io/merge-metrics="false"`. Something to consider...

Author: Oh, I dont think I realized that istio scrapes and aggregates metrics from the pods...

Do we condition the this based on whether istio is enabled or not?

Maybe the kyverno can just be applied to namespaces without the istio label?

    1. This can be done with `ServiceMonitors`, `PodMonitors`
1. Create a NetworkPolicy that allows communication from the Prometheus Pods in the Monitoring namespace to talk to the pods with metrics

> 1. Find and identify Grafana Dashboards for the application and inject them into Grafana

Reviewer: Autodetecting from upstream source? Or just detecting some "file" in the gitrepo, etc that contains dashboards?

Author: Yeah that's the dilemma. I dont think there's going to be a good way for auto discovering this.  Perhaps we leave it off for now or mark it as a big unknown in how it would be done

Reviewer: Either is fine with me, if we're just trying to import dashboards from say a `dashboard` folder in a gitrepo for the app that's obviously more doable than pulling dashboards from upstream. I'd be fine with leaving this as a question mark.

## Implementation

> Proposed implementation to start is to create Kyverno policies to create a `NetworkPolicies` for each:

Reviewer: Might just be the wording - this is confusing me. Is this meant to be a Kyverno policy to create networkpolicies only or networkpolicy, servicemonitor, podmonitor, ...

> Proposed implementation, to start, is to create Kyverno policies to create a `NetworkPolicies` for each:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proposed implementation, to start, is to create Kyverno policies to create `NetworkPolicies` plus appropriate resources for each of the below:
```

    
1. pod with the appropriate annotation
2. ServiceMonitor

> 3. PodMonitor 

Reviewer: Depending on servicemesh (istio) presence + mTLS configuration we would also need some additional config to handle mTLS scraping (https://docs-bigbang.dso.mil/latest/packages/monitoring/docs/istio-mtls-metrics/). Other option would be leveraging metrics merging (mentioned above) which sidesteps some of that problem.
